# Block Climbers

**Author: Lorenzo Mendoza**

Project is a 2-player block climbing game. This game includes physics such as gravity and collision. Due to erros opening the program, we decide to create a panel which sets then develops the window using JFrame. The Objective of the game is to go beyond the 70 y-axi mark on the program's coordinates. Once the players do so, it will prompt the winner and loser either in red or blue depending on which player passes first. The collision detectors are developed by creating a hit box around the player which recognizes intersections of the built “Block” graphics when the program runs. The intersections by using obj.intersect(); command with the hit box recognized by the object called “area” for the area around each player. Blocks generated by “Block” class which draws and implements the hit box to each. It then callsets to an array and is called in the Game class when makeBlocks is called. 


Issues that were had developing this game were attempting to freeze the program when a player wins. However, that task seemed too difficult for use and when I player reaches the end the other player is still allowed to move and wins as well, which is not ideal. Another thing to make the program more efficient is possibly using switch methods for the users key controls rather than if statement.We attempted to make a self moving race platform game, however with the way we built the collision detector, the physics failed as the players were allowed to pass through the blocks. That might make for a fun challenge to work on for this break and we are eager to make improvements on this game
